Add live previews of Furo docs to PRs (#350)
Qiskit/qiskit_sphinx_theme: CONTRIBUTING.md

5. Build the example docs with `THEME=_qiskit_furo tox -e docs` to ensure everything works.
6. Update this guide with specific instructions for the web component.

------
## How to preview docs in PRs

We upload the docs builds to CI. So, you can download what the site will look like from GitHub Actions:

1. Navigate to the GitHub Actions page for the "Tests" action.
2. Open the "Summary" page with the house icon.
3. Under the "Artifacts" section, there should be a "html_docs" entry. Download it.

> 4. Choose the theme you want, such as `furo_html_docs.tar.gz`, and un-tar it. Then, open the `index.html` page ina browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Choose the theme you want, such as `furo_html_docs.tar.gz`, and un-tar it. Then, open the `index.html` page in a browser.
```
